.TH PINENTRY-WAYPROMPT 1 2023-06-03 "git.sr.ht/~leon_plickat/wayprompt" "General Commands Manual"
.
.SH NAME
.P
pinentry-wayprompt \- Wayland-native pinentry implementation
.
.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.SY pinentry\-wayprompt
.YS
.
.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.P
The pinentry-wayprompt executable described in this manual page represents the
pinentry implementation based on wayprompt.
For general information on wayprompt, read
.BR wayprompt (1).
.
.
.SH USE WITH GPG
.P
To use pinentry-wayprompt as the passwort prompt for
.BR gpg (1)
you need to configure
.BR gpg-agent (1).
For example by creating the file \fB~/.gnupg/gpg-agent.conf\fR and writing into
it the following line:
.
.P
.B pinentry-program /path/to/pinentry-wayprompt
.
.P
Note that the path to the pinentry-wayprompt executable depends on how you
installed it and/or how it was packaged.
Also note that you need to restart the gpg-agent for any configuration to take
effect.
.
.
.SH IMPLEMENTATION COMPLETENESS
.P
As of writing, pinentry-wayprompt implements the most important components of
the pinentry protocol to be viable for day-to-day usage.
However more advanced features are not yet supported.
Patches are welcome.
.
.
.SH RETURN VALUE
.P
pinentry-wayprompt will exit with one of the following commands.
.
.RS 1.2i
.TS
tab(@), left, box;
c | c
rB | l.
\fBValue\fR@\fBExplanation\fR
_
0@Successfull operation (for "ok", "not-ok" and "cancel").
_
1@An error occured.
.TE
.RE
.
.
.SH AUTHOR
.P
.MT leonhenrik.plickat@stud.uni-goettingen.de
Leon Henrik Plickat
.ME
.
.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR wayprompt (1),
.BR wayprompt (5),
.BR gpg (1),
.BR gpg-agent (1)
