.TH WAYPROMPT 5 2023-06-03 "git.sr.ht/~leon_plickat/wayprompt" "File Formats Manual"
.
.SH NAME
.P
config.ini \- configuration file for wayprompt
.
.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.P
This manual page describes the configuration file used by all versions of
wayprompt.
.P
wayprompt uses the INI file format for configuration, meaning
variable-value-assignments sorted into sections.
.
.P
.RS
.EX
[section]
# This is a comment
variable = value;
.EE
.RE
.
.P
On startup wayprompt will look for a file in the following locations, in this
order:
.IP \(bu 2
\fB$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/wayprompt/config.ini\fR (or \fB$HOME/.config/wayprompt/config.ini\fR
should \fB$XDG_CONFIG_HOME\fR be unset)
.IP \(bu 2
\fB/etc/wayprompt/config.ini\fR
.
.
.SH SECTION: [general]
.P
\fBfont\-regular\fR = \fI<font description>\fR;
.RS
Font used for description, buttons and error message.
Defaults to "sans:size=14".
.RE
.
.P
\fBfont\-large\fR = \fI<font description>\fR;
.RS
Font used for title.
Defaults to "sans:size=20".
.RE
.
.P
\fBbutton\-inner\-padding\fR = \fI<positive integer>\fR;
.RS
Padding around the labels of the buttons.
Defaults to 5.
.RE
.
.P
\fBvertical\-padding\fR = \fI<positive integer>\fR;
.RS
Top and bottom padding of the dialog prompt window.
Defaults to 10.
.RE
.
.P
\fBhorizontal\-padding\fR = \fI<positive integer>\fR;
.RS
Left and right padding of the dialog prompt window.
Defaults to 15.
.RE
.
.P
\fBpin\-square\-size\fR = \fI<positive integer>\fR;
.RS
Size of of the squares in the pin area, which represent the typed characters
of the secret.
Defaults to 18.
.RE
.
.P
\fBpin\-square\-amount\fR = \fI<positive integer>\fR;
.RS
Amount of the squares in the pin area.
Defaults to 16.
.RE
.
.P
\fBborder\fR = \fI<positive integer>\fR;
.RS
Width of the border of the dialog prompt window.
Defaults to 2.
.RE
.
.P
\fBpin\-square\-border\fR = \fI<positive integer>\fR;
.RS
Width of the border around the squares in the pin area.
Defaults to 1.
.RE
.
.P
\fBbutton\-border\fR = \fI<positive integer>\fR;
.RS
Width of the border around the buttons.
Defaults to 1.
.RE
.
.P
\fBcorner\-radius\fR = \fI<positive integer>\fR;
.RS
The radius of the corners of the dialog prompt window.
Set to 0 to disable round corners.
Defaults to 10.
.RE
.
.
.SH SECTION: [colours]
.P
\fBbackground\fR = \fI<colour>\fR;
.RS
Background colour of the dialog prompt window.
Defaults to 0xFFFFFF.
.RE
.
.P
\fBborder\fR = \fI<colour>\fR;
.RS
Border colour of the dialog prompt window.
Defaults to 0x000000.
.RE
.
.P
\fBtext\fR = \fI<colour>\fR;
.RS
Colour of the title, description and prompt texts.
Defaults to 0x000000.
.RE
.
.P
\fBerror\-text\fR = \fI<colour>\fR;
.RS
Colour if the error text.
Defaults to 0xE0002B.
.RE
.
.P
\fBpin\-background\fR = \fI<colour>\fR;
.RS
Colour of the pin area.
Defaults to 0xD0D0D0.
.RE
.
.P
\fBpin\-border\fR = \fI<colour>\fR;
.RS
Colour of the pin area border and the pin square borders.
Defaults to 0x000000.
.RE
.
.P
\fBpin\-square\fR = \fI<colour>\fR;
.RS
Colour of the pin squares.
Defaults to 0x808080.
.RE
.
.P
\fBok\-button\fR = \fI<colour>\fR;
.RS
Background colour of the ok button.
Defaults to 0xD5F200.
.RE
.
.P
\fBok\-button\-border\fR = \fI<colour>\fR;
.RS
Border colour of the ok button.
Defaults to 0x000000.
.RE
.
.P
\fBok\-button\-text\fR = \fI<colour>\fR;
.RS
Text colour of the ok button.
Defaults to 0x000000.
.RE
.
.P
\fBnot\-ok\-button\fR = \fI<colour>\fR;
.RS
Background colour of the not ok button.
Defaults to 0xFFE53E.
.RE
.
.P
\fBnot\-ok\-button\-border\fR = \fI<colour>\fR;
.RS
Border colour of the not ok button.
Defaults to 0x000000.
.RE
.
.P
\fBnot\-ok\-button\-text\fR = \fI<colour>\fR;
.RS
Text colour of the not ok button.
Defaults to 0x000000.
.RE
.
.P
\fBcancel\-button\fR = \fI<colour>\fR;
.RS
Background colour of the cancel button.
Defaults to 0xFF4647.
.RE
.
.P
\fBcancel\-button\-border\fR = \fI<colour>\fR;
.RS
Border colour of the cancel button.
Defaults to 0x000000.
.RE
.
.P
\fBcancel\-button\-text\fR = \fI<colour>\fR;
.RS
Text colour of the cancel button.
Defaults to 0x000000.
.RE
.
.
.SH AUTHOR
.P
.MT leonhenrik.plickat@stud.uni-goettingen.de
Leon Henrik Plickat
.ME
.
.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR wayprompt (1),
.BR pinentry-wayprompt (1)
.BR wayprompt-ssh-askpass (1)
