.TH WAYPROMPT 1 2023-06-03 "git.sr.ht/~leon_plickat/wayprompt" "General Commands Manual"
.
.SH NAME
.P
wayprompt \- prompt dialog for Wayland
.
.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.SY wayprompt
.OP \-h
.OP \-\-help
.YS
.
.SY wayprompt
.OP \-\-title
.OP \-\-description
.OP \-\-prompt
.OP \-\-error
.OP \-\-button-ok
.OP \-\-button-no-ok
.OP \-\-button-cancel
.OP \-\-wayland-display
.OP \-\-get-pin
.OP \-\-json
.YS
.
.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.P
wayprompt is a prompt dialog tool for Wayland.
It can display messages, optionally with buttons and query for secrets.
The wayland server must support the \fBwlr-layer-shell-unstable-v1\fR protocol
extension.
.
.P
The wayprompt executable described in this manual page represents the command
line version of wayprompt.
The following other versions are available as well:
.
.IP \(bu 2
.BR pinentry-wayprompt (1) :
The pinentry version of wayprompt.
.
.P
All wayprompt versions use the same configuration file.
Read
.BR wayprompt (5)
for more information on configuring wayprompt.
.
.
.SH OPTIONS
.P
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
.RS
Print help text and exit.
.RE
.
.P
\fB\-\-title\fR \fI<string>\fR
.RS
Set the title of the dialog window.
.RE
.
.P
\fB\-\-description\fR \fI<string>\fR
.RS
Set the main text of the dialog window.
.RE
.
.P
\fB\-\-prompt\fR \fI<string>\fR
.RS
Set the prompt over the pin area.
This may only be specified in combination with \fB\-\-get\-pin\fR.
.RE
.
.P
\fB\-\-error\fR \fI<string>\fR
.RS
Set the error message displayed on the bottom of the dialog window.
.RE
.
.P
\fB\-\-button\-ok\fR \fI<string>\fR
.RS
Set the text of the ok button.
Note that the button is only displayed if text is set for it.
.RE
.
.P
\fB\-\-button\-cancel\fR \fI<string>\fR
.RS
Set the text of the cancel button.
Note that the button is only displayed if text is set for it.
.RE
.
.P
\fB\-\-button\-not\-ok\fR \fI<string>\fR
.RS
Set the text of the not-ok button.
Note that the button is only displayed if text is set for it.
.RE
.
.P
\fB\-\-wayland\-display\fR \fI<string>\fR
.RS
Set the wayland display name wayprompt should connect to.
Note that normally wayprompt tries to get this from the \fBWAYLAND_DISPLAY\fR
environment variable.
.RE
.
.P
\fB\-\-get\-pin\fR
.RS
Active the pin mode, allowing users to type a secret into wayprompt.
.RE
.
.P
\fB\-\-json\fR
.RS
Format output as JSON, useful for machine parsing.
.RE
.
.
.SH OUTPUT
.P
wayprompt outputs status in a simple format to \fBstdout\fR.
The first line will be
.
.P
.B user-action: <status>
.
.P
where \fB<status>\fR is one of either \fBok\fR, \fBnot-ok\fR or \fBcancel\fR.
Is \fB\-\-get\-pin\fR used, making wayprompt prompt for a secret, then a second
line is outputted.
This is either
.
.P
.B pin: <secret>
.
.P
in the case of the ok button being used or the \fBEnter\fR key being pressed,
where \fB<secret>\fR is the entered secret.
Or alternatively
.
.P
.B no pin
.
.P
in the case of either the not-ok or cancel button being used, the \fBEscape\fR
key being pressed, or the secret being empty on confirmation.
.
.
.SH AUTHOR
.P
.MT leonhenrik.plickat@stud.uni-goettingen.de
Leon Henrik Plickat
.ME
.
.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR pinentry-wayprompt (1),
.BR wayprompt (5)
